[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: That's not,
I mean it's cute, right?
Like we're showing titles.
But that's not necessarily
what we're going for.
So let's make this a little bit more
robust and show more things here.
>> Brian Holt: So let's do this.
I'm going to say div className='show'.
>> Brian Holt: Outside of that
we're going to put an image.
Source of the image equals S.
We're going to do curly braces.
And then I'm going to back ticks, okay.
Which back ticks,
if you don't know what those are.
It's next to the one underneath the tilde.
And a back tick in ES 6 means,
ES 6 template string, right.
So let me write it out first.
And I will show you how you
could rewrite it into ES5.
Show.poster and class name
equals show-ing close.
Okay.
So basically what this is saying
is like this is a string, right?
And so instead of using quotes,
I'm using back ticks.
But now I can use the special
terminology of dollar sign curly brace.
Which if you've ever written bash scripts
before, that looks pretty familiar, right.
And then this inside of here
is a JavaScript expression.
So in this particular case
I'm doing show.poster.
Which is actually going to be the correct
URL to find this particular image.
Now if I wanted to rewrite this in ES5,
what I would do is I'd turn
this into single quotes.
Single quotes.
>> Brian Holt: And
I would say plus show poster.
Right.
That's the equivalent way of
doing it without back ticks.
Just doing string concatenation,
>> Brian Holt: But
I think this is a lot cleaner and
prettier side.
I like doing it that way.
Any questions about ES6 templates?
Come on.
There we go.
Good?
Feel good about that?
Okay.
I got really sick of doing
plus signs everywhere.
So that's why I was very grateful for
the back ticks.
Okay.
<div classname="show-text"></div>
>> Brian Holt: Here we're going to do H3
class name equals show-title.
And then we're going to do show.title.
>> Brian Holt: We're
going to do an H4 here.
class name equals show-year.
And then here, I want to do parentheses.
The reason why I'm doing parentheses
is actually literally want to see
parentheses, right?
There is no special meaning
to these parentheses.
I literally want to see
the the year in parentheses.
Then we do show.year instead
of the curly braces.
>> Brian Holt: And then here i'm going
to do p className=show-description.
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm going to do show.description.
>> Brian Holt: Inside of that p tag.
Okay.
>> Brian Holt: A bunch of mark up,
but hopefully you got it.
Let's give you some time
to finish typing that out.
Might finish this section,
take a really brief big break for people.
Okay there will be a break soon.
If anyone's feeling like their mind
melting or something like that.
Okay.
So let's save that,
make sure that I'm not
getting linting errors.
Look like I'm okay right now.
So let's go back over to the browser and
refresh it.
And that's whatI did.
I did something wrong.
You should be saving
something kind of this.
This is kind of ugly right now.
Particularly with these huge posters.
And that's because I forgot
to encapsulate into shows.
Yeah, that's exactly why.
Okay, so come back over here.
And between container and
the data.shows.map.
We're going to put just
an extra div in here.
And call it shows.
Indent all that a little bit more.
And close that.
Okay so this one right here, line 6.
And this one down here on line 17.
That's all you need to put in to
make the sales stop being so ugly.
[LAUGH]
Okay.
So save that.
>> Brian Holt: And now if we refresh it,
it's only slightly better.
What did I do wrong here?
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Show-card.
>> Brian Holt: That's what it is.
Show-card right here.
Yep, my notes are wrong.
Okay.
So here on line eight, I just
changed this from show to show card.
Okay.
Getting better, only slightly worse.
Did I change all these to be show card?
It eventually does get better.
I think I called all these show card dash.
>> Speaker 3: But
in the styling it's all wrapped in the 8.
>> Brian Holt: It's all wrapped in the 8.
>> Brian Holt: I think my issue here is.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, everything in
the show card image, show card text,
show card title.
Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so show-card-image.
Show-card-text.
Show-card-title.
Show-card-year.
And Show-card-description.
So you have to update.
Basically, all these classes
to have show-card-whatever.
>> Brian Holt: Okay let's try that,
>> Brian Holt: And
now we actually get decent
looking things right.
That's what we were going for.
So I have a bunch of scroll bars,
that's neat.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah I'll
fix that in a bit.
Well whatever, it's CSS.
No one cares how CSS is in this workshop.
I don't care about it in this workshop.
I think I have some sort of like
overflow visible or something like that.
It's hard to see.
Or.
That's exactly what it is.
So, if you want to go get
rid of that in the CSS.
There is an overflow, scroll Y on the text
and you can get rid of that if you want.